>> Estelle Weyl: Then we have @supports.
>> Estelle Weyl: Okay, so whenever I have
CodePen it kinda messes with everything.
So I'm just gonna stay on this slide and
then I'll move over to the next slide.
So @supports, it basically says,
does this browser support display: flex?
If yes, then we can use these features.
And so a while ago, I was actually
talking about the @supports and
how you could basically say,
does it support ligature?
And if it supports ligature,
then use this font, right?
Don't use material icons
unless it supports ligature.
>> Estelle Weyl: Before we used to
have this, which was @media screen and
(transform-3d), or and (animation).
That is the old way of doing it,
so don't use that anymore.
You might see it, so I'm printing it
out just in case you come across it.
It used to be valid and
it still is, it still works.
But it only works for transform-3d and
animation, so what's the point.
Whereas this works for, basically,
you put a property and a value.
And it's not gonna render that,
it just says, can I support it?
So if you've heard of Modernizr,
who here has heard of Modernizr?
Pretty much everyone.
It's basically Modernizr in the browser
without pulling in any JavaScript
framework.
So a lot of people used to do JS and
then they used to basically decide which
CSS features to use, based on what
Modernizr said was supported.
You don't need to use Modernizr at all for
your CSS.
You just say, hey do you support this?
>> Estelle Weyl: Media screen.
So here,
>> Estelle Weyl: It says @media screen and
(-webkit-transition).
So that was probably one
of the words that used.
We have to open up this in a window,
right?
Visit Site, here we go.
I think it won't load.
Okay, this browser supports @media and
@supports.
So what I did here is I said,
this browser supports @media or @supports.
And, which ones does it support?
And then I did a class of transitions,
a class of animations,
a class of transforms, and
a class of supports, right?
And then here I did webkit-screen and
webkit-transition.
>> Estelle Weyl: Save transitions, yes,
and it doesn't support that one anymore.
So it used to, but it doesn't anymore.
And then moz-transition,
obviously this is not a Mozilla browser,
it's not gonna support that one.
ms-transition, it's not gonna support
that one, o-transition, not that one.
Then it says, does it support transition?
Well, that is an old way of writing it,
it doesn't support that anymore.
But all the way down here
are the ones where it does support it
which is @supports (display: table-cell).
Which is what we really want to happen,
right?
So I'm in Chrome right now and
let's name an advanced feature.
>> Estelle Weyl: Anyone?
>> Speaker 2: Grid?
>> Estelle Weyl: So (display: grid).
>> Estelle Weyl: You saw
that bottom one disappeared?
If I type in grid, it popped up, okay?
So we know it supports the property value,
and it happens to support grid as well.
>> Estelle Weyl: So,
>> Estelle Weyl: You
can put any property and
value, prefixed or not.
And it's a way to basically
do browser detection,
cuz I could just basically do browser
detection by doing moz-animation.
Doesn't support moz-animation.
>> Estelle Weyl: And just give it a name,
moz-animation-name and
then colon red, right?
Does it support that?
Then I know I have the Mozilla browser,
just because I prefixed it with moz.
So that's a hack, but
it is a way of doing user agent detection.